Brian/graphql client milestone (#26)
vendia/examples: workshops/food-and-beverage/optimized-distribution/README-Milestone6.md

| addPurchaseOrder | [windows_amd64.exe](https://vendia-workshop-artifacts.s3.amazonaws.com/food-and-beverage/optimized-distribution/addPurchaseOrder_windows_amd64.exe) / [darwin_amd64](https://vendia-workshop-artifacts.s3.amazonaws.com/food-and-beverage/optimized-distribution/addPurchaseOrder_darwin_amd64) / [darwin_arm64](https://vendia-workshop-artifacts.s3.amazonaws.com/food-and-beverage/optimized-distribution/addPurchaseOrder_darwin_arm64) / [linux_amd64](https://vendia-workshop-artifacts.s3.amazonaws.com/food-and-beverage/optimized-distribution/addPurchaseOrder_linux_amd64) |
| listProducts | [windows_amd64](https://vendia-workshop-artifacts.s3.amazonaws.com/food-and-beverage/optimized-distribution/listProducts_windows_amd64.exe) / [darwin_amd64](https://vendia-workshop-artifacts.s3.amazonaws.com/food-and-beverage/optimized-distribution/listProducts_darwin_amd64) / [darwin_arm64](https://vendia-workshop-artifacts.s3.amazonaws.com/food-and-beverage/optimized-distribution/listProducts_darwin_arm64) / [linux_amd64](https://vendia-workshop-artifacts.s3.amazonaws.com/food-and-beverage/optimized-distribution/listProducts_linux_amd64) | 

> Each of the binaries depends upon two environment variables being set - `API` and `API_KEY`. This is how you'll specify the node you'll read from and write to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each of the binaries depends upon two environment variables - `API` and `API_KEY`. This is how you'll specify the node you'll read from and write to.
```

## Adding a New Product

> The `addProduct` utility can take in the same parameters you used in the built-in GraphQL Explorer. There is built-in `-help` functionality that shares how to pass in parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `addProduct` utility can take in the same parameters you used in the built-in GraphQL Explorer. There is a built-in `-help` function that details the command line arguments the utility accepts.
```
